hey guys today we're gonna take a little
look at something a little bit different
from surprise eggs we've got a nice
patty in the shape of a pig now I'm
getting I'm guessing it makes a noise
when you squeeze it and stuff
and we also have a fart family toilet
patty extra surprise inside so there's
still a surprise in the video so let's
have a little take a little look at the
pig the little piglet Hank so let's just
see what we have in here because never
seen these before but on the front as
you can see let me show you the actual
front of it so you can see it but it
says there do not swallow made in China
for ages three and above and then it
makes noises so let's take a little look
so we got the piglets head oh yeah he's
not he's no more so let's take a little
look a smells like strawbries it's funny
enough get rid of a bit of stress but we
were supposed to do is put the tub there
like that and then what you do is you
push it in and obviously as you push it
any creates like a like a suction nice
so let me just and then it makes weird
farting noises so yeah that's pretty
cool actually it's good fun huh yeah
that was only cheap you know a little a
little bit of fun really so let's take a
little look at the fat family toilet
potty extra surprise inside I've never
seen these before neither so let's just
take a little closer look so it's in the
shape of a toilet obviously let's move
our piglet out of the way and in this is
quite heavy feels quite heavy but
obviously the top opens like a like a
toilet and inside
there's a little poop little poopy so
let's take it all out have a little luck
woof I hope you hope anyone else's
toilet doesn't look that red yeah that's
pretty cool
oh we got we got a little poopy inside
doesn't smell like a poplar like a la ok
that's pretty cool Anna looks like a
little flipping worm yeah this party is
really nice I like this it's just really
fun to play with
doesn't make any noises or anything but
it's really gooey but it you know it
doesn't stick to your hands or anything
which is really cool when I can just put
that in a headlock actually you know if
any kids are going by this
and your parents or not you just leave
that on the counter front and it'll be
like what's that but yeah that's pretty
cool
there's something a little different to
the to the norman act I've been doing so
yeah that's really good fun tell me what
you think about these funny toys in the
comments below thanks for watching as
always guys if you haven't watched if
you haven't subscribed already please
subscribe hope everyone's having a
fantastic day and I'll see you next time